>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
pick up where we left off.
Right now we have them kind of cycling
through all their various states, but
we still can't click on them.
So we're gonna go ahead and
work on the feed method now.
>> Brian Holt: So,
I'm gonna come down here,
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna add an event
listener,
>> Brian Holt: Down here near the bottom.
And we're just gonna say document.get
element by ID, nope query selector.
Query selector,
>> Brian Holt: .bg,
so we are gonna listen for
events at the background level, right.
So anything that happens inside of
this background we're gonna add
an event listener,
>> Brian Holt: That whenever
someone clicks on it we're
gonna call a feed method
that we're about to write or
feed function rather.
Okay, so line 119 there,
that's one I wrote,
>> Brian Holt: Document.querySelector('
.bg ').addEventListener(
click' go to feed):.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then here underneath this I'm gonna put
a method called function
feed that takes an event.
>> Brian Holt: And just to show you, we're
gonna log out the event.current target,
not current target but rather target,
target,
>> Brian Holt: To show you what that
looks like, so we can make sure
to grab the right element.
>> Brian Holt: So if I go in here to
the console,
>> Brian Holt: You can see
here that depending on where I click
different things are gonna be called.
And only when I click on the mole hungry,
>> Brian Holt: Is that
going to allow us to get the right mole?
So, we're gonna have to check
whenever someone clicks on,
whenever a feed happens right,
if we go back over to our code.
We have to check whenever someone clicks
on the event we have to make sure that
they're actually gonna click on an image,
right?
So the first question I'm gonna ask here,
if (event.target.tagname
is not equal to IMG,
remember, this is always all in caps.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're going to return,
right?
If they didn't click on an image
then they definitely didn't click on
one of these moles over here, right?
>> Brian Holt: So that's the first thing.
The next question we need to ask
if they did click on an image was
that mole hungry?
Now there's a couple of ways
we could look for that.
[COUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So we can say,
or, which is what the two bars mean,
(event.target.classList.contains("hungr-
y").
>> Brian Holt: And doesn't, so actually,
>> Brian Holt: So
here in front of event I'm
gonna put exclamation point.
[COUGH] So let's talk about that
line there for just a second.
>> Brian Holt: The first thing here, we're
gonna make sure it's an image, right?
If it's not an image,
we're just going to return.
>> Brian Holt: The second thing we're
gonna check is we're gonna make sure was
it a hungry mole?
>> Brian Holt: And if it's not a hungry
mole, which is what the exclamation point,
right?
That's what the explanation
says not right?
So if the classes does not contain hungry,
then we're not gonna run any of this
functionality and we're just gonna return.
So now if I Save this and
Refresh over here,
notice that it'll only be logged out here
if I click on one of the hungry moles.
So there, that one I was able to click on,
I'm clicking on other things and
then there you can see again
that it logs out, right?
So we’re only getting
hungry moles down here.
>> Brian Holt: So now that we’re
down here I’m guaranteed at 109,
that they clicked on a hungry mole, right?
So now we’re gonna have to go do
all the things to move them from
hungry to the fed state, right?
That's when they have the worm
hanging out of their mouth.
>> Brian Holt: Or
I can even show you here, this one.
So that's when they've been fed.
>> Brian Holt: So the thing first where
it says mole.status = 'fed' right?
>> Brian Holt: Mole.next.
So how long are we gonna
show them the happy face?.
And I just did it with
the same getSadInterval.
So I'll show it to him for a second or
a half second, whatever you chose to do.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
And your gonna say
mole.node.children[0].src,
>> Brian Holt: '=./mole-fed.png'.
>> Brian Holt: And you're also going to
remove,
>> Brian Holt: The hungry, right?
Because it has the hungry class on it,
it no longer is hungry at this point.
>> Speaker 2: Where is mole coming from?
>> Brian Holt: I have to grab it, I didn't
do that yet, so const mole, thank you.
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: If they click on this image
right here, right?
>> Brian Holt: How do we know
which one they clicked on?
>> Brian Holt: Well,
we had this data index right there, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
we know that they clicked index 6,
that's why we put that
there in the first place.
So what we're gonna say is
moles(event.target.DataSet.index),
>> Brian Holt: Right?
>> Brian Holt: Now this isn't quite it,
>> Brian Holt: Because if you
remember,
>> Brian Holt: Store
as global variable, temp0.
So, temp0 is this particular
little image right there, right.
You can see the one that I
have highlighted right there.
So if I say temp0,
let's make this a little bit bigger so
you can see it,
>> Brian Holt: Temp0.dataset.index,
you can see it's 6 right?
But, what's the the problem with that?
It's a string right?
It's not a number it's a string right?
Because we a pulling it out of the dom,
we had the problem previously right?
So we have to turn this into a number
just like we did with the calculator.
So easy enough, parseInt,
>> Brian Holt: Like that.
>> Brian Holt: So now this mole
will be the one that we clicked on,
as represented up here, right?
So we can get a handle on that one.
That make sense?
>> Speaker 2: So
what happens in the game now for
you when you click on
the moles to feed them?
>> Brian Holt: Well, it's gonna kinda
break the game cuz I haven't really
drawn it full circle yet, but it should
show a fed mole if I click on it.
And now they're disappearing.
>> Speaker 2: All right,
glad it's not just me.
>> Brian Holt: Probably because,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
let's close the loop here
cuz I think it doesn't
know what to do with fed because we
haven't provided for fed up here.
>> Brian Holt: 6, 0, okay, so
that looks like it's working, right?
It's getting the correct number, so
that should be getting the correct mole,
mole.status = 'fed',
mole.next = SadInterval,
children[0] src =./mole fed.
Okay, and that looks like it
all should be working fine.